

70 Tapa Street, off Adeshina,	+2348023883176 & +2347056925881
Ijeshatedo, Surulere, Lagos.	tobbyno21@gmail.com


ADEBIYI, ADEWOLE OLUWATOBI


PERSONALSTATEMENT:

As a highly motivated results oriented person, I am looking to secure a position in an organization, 
where I can bring immediate and strategic value and develop current skill-set further.


BIO DATA:

Date of Birth
21-06-1989

Gender
Male

State of origin
Oyo

LGA
Afijio

Religion
Christianity

Marital Status
Single


SKILLS AND ATTRIBUTES:
 Good oral and written communication skills.

 Ability to adapt to changes quickly

 Ability to learn fast

 Leadership skills.

 Good interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively in a team.

 Problem solving and reporting skills.

 Organization and information analyzing skills.

 Resourceful and Determined personnel

 Average use of Microsoft office, online networking, Internet, email, Windows Operating System




EDUCATION:

 The Polytechnic Ile-Ife (2018) HND. Computer Science

 Highland College Of Technology, Ibadan. (2012) N.D. Computer Hardware Engineering

 Hectos Computer Institute (2009)
Computer Appreciation & Hardware Engineering/ Networking

 Del Intl’ College Lagos State.
W.A.S.C.E, O’ Level Certificate

 Showcares Nur & Pry School First School Leaving Certificate

CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAININGS PARTICIPATED:-



 Cisco Networking Academy ( Highland College Study Center ) ( CCNA discovery1 & 2 ) 2012

 Power Searching With Google - (July 2012)

 Internet History, Technology, And Security- (JUNE 02, 2013) – courser.org

 Computer Networks - (APRIL 01, 2013) – courser.org



Work Experience



Tola Nursery & Primary School	Sept. 2005 –August 2008
Office Held: Class Room Teacher

Functions:

 Prepare Lesson Note.
 Conduct weekly assessment ( Continuous Assessment Test)
 Prepare exam questions, mark examination scripts and prepare report sheets.
 Assessing and evaluating student’s abilities, strengths and weakness.

 Preparing Pupils for standardized examination. ( First School leaving certificate examination- Common Entrance)

 Communicating Pupils progress to parents.

 Plan and Supervising Children in extra curriculum activities ( Excursion, End of the year party, etc.)



Kenolice Intl’ Publishing (Printing Press)	Jan. 2010 till date
Office Held: System Engineer / Networking

Functions:

Set up personal systems, including the operating system, interface cards and Peripheral devices.

Install application software and utility softwares.
Planning and undertaking schedule maintenance.
Plan and install a small business network and connect it to the internet.
Verify and troubleshoot network and internet connectivity.
 Share resources such as files and printers among multiple computers


Shopy Galaxy Emporium (Boutique)	Dec 2017 till date
Office Held: Digital Marketing

Functions:

Take pictures, make videos , edit them and post stocks online ( Instagram and Facebook)

Execute social media efforts to improve visibility, likes and share of online content.
 Identify new digital marketing trends and implementing such trends.

Engage Customers on social media platform and direct/link them with the store representative.

Promote company’s products in the digital space.

Manage Organization social media accounts.

Guaranty Trust Bank                  May 2019 – October 2019

	Office Held: Mobile Banking Ambassador (*737# & Internet Banking)

Functions:
Encouraging customers to embrace the mobile banking channels
Activate Internet Banking for Customers ( Gtworld App)
Help Customers create pin to enable them use the short code banking channel ( Unstructured Supplementary Service Data- USSD )
 Enlighten Customers on how they can do major transactions from the comfort of their Homes/Offices ( Transfer, Pay Bills, Balance Enquiry, Check Bvn Number, Apply for loan( Salary Account), Buy airtime, data etc)

DEYOD LOGISTICS                             February 2020 – December 2020
  	OFFICE HELD: MANAGER
	Functions:
Communicate with Customers to book their Pickup and delivery orders ( Phone call & chat) 
Interview riders seeking  employment
Approach and advertise to potential Customers 
Instruct Riders on where and what to pickup as well as delivery details.
Inspect the company bikes and Schedule them for servicing
Prepare bill for Customers on account.

